audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_4_fake.wav fake
audio_attr_timbre_15_real.wav real
audio_vc_1_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_9_fake.wav fake
audio_vc_4_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_7_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_Ravdess_gt_8_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_gt_3_real.wav real
audio_vc_3_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_librispeech_TTS_1_fake.wav fake
audio_attr_prosody_sad_fake.wav fake
audio_attr_timbre__real.wav real
audio_attr__timbre_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_librispeech_TTS_3_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_8_fake.wav fake
audio_samples_3_fake.wav fake
audio_attr_prosody_sad_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_16_fake.wav fake
audio_samples_4_fake.wav fake
audio_vc_2_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_Ravdess_gt_2_real.wav real
audio_attr__timbre_2_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_2_fake.wav fake
audio_samples_1_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_gt_6_real.wav real
audio_samples_2_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_Ravdess_gt_4_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_10_fake.wav fake
audio_vc_2_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_15_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_12_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_librispeech_TTS_2_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_13_fake.wav fake
audio_attr_prosody_prompt_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_gt_1_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_5_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_librispeech_TTS_4_fake.wav fake
audio_vc_1_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_Ravdess_gt_5_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_gt_7_real.wav real
audio_vc_3_real.wav real
audio_samples_1_fake.wav fake
audio_samples_2_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_3_fake.wav fake
audio_samples_3_real.wav real
audio_zstts_librispeech_1_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_1_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_librispeech_3_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_11_fake.wav fake
audio_samples_4_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_14_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_librispeech_2_real.wav real
audio_zstts_Ravdess_TTS_our_6_fake.wav fake
audio_zstts_librispeech_4_real.wav real
audio_vc_4_fake.wav fake
audio_attr_prosody_fake.wav fake
